Amharris/updating graph docs (#15821)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/delegatedadminoperation.md

---
title: "delegatedAdminOperation resource type"
description: "Represents a long running operation related to a Delegated Admin relationship."
author: "smrtsec"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "gdap"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# delegatedAdminOperation resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents a long running operation related to a Delegated Admin relationship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a long running operation related to a delegatedAdminRelationship.
```
